>> Regina Meredith: Today
we're going to be talking
about an agenda that reaches far
beyond any political, social,
racial, or economic beliefs.
It's one that affects most of
the people in America, Canada,
the UK, even Bulgaria, and is
fast becoming a global agenda.
It's called The Smart Grid.
It all starts when your
utility company comes
to your home unannounced, and
installs this devastating device
in place of your old
analog utility meter.
The story's almost
unbelievable but it's true.
The producer of the film "Take
Back Your Power," Josh Del Sol,
is with us today to explain
the terrifying truths behind
these devices.
I've been upset about this for a
long time and many people have,
but the film you did to me,
I just have to say up front,
I think is one of the
most important films
that have been produced today,
because it really
does cross all agendas
and makes people see how
insidious this agenda is
in taking our power away
from us on so many levels,
so I just want to
applaud you up front,
phenomenal job that you've done.
>> Josh Del Sol: Thank you.
>> Regina: So before we
even get into it any further
and start chit-chatting
between ourselves,
why don't we take a look at
a clip that sets the stage.
It's another journalist,
Blake Leavitt.
She talks about what
the grid is about.
So do you mind that?
>> Josh: Absolutely not.
>> Regina: Let's take a look.
>> Josh: Let's take a look.
>> Blake Leavitt: Smart
Grid is a wireless system
that will fundamentally
turn every single appliance
in your home into the equivalent
of a transmitting cell phone --
that's every computer, every
television, every furnace,
every air conditioner, every
coffee machine, every printer --
every single appliance
that you have
in your house will eventually
in a Smart Grid have an
antenna that's embedded into it
that will transmit your
usage data to a Smart meter
on the outside of your home
that will then transmit
your usage data
to another tower receiving a
usage signal that will then go
to the utility company for
supposedly billing purposes.
Not all signals will just be
about your individual use.
There will be aggregate meters
that will bounce signals
from house to house to
house within a neighborhood
that will then accumulate
all of the usage data
that will transmit that
to the utility company.
Now, what that will do is
that the end metering system
that is transmitting all of that
data will be firing an RF signal
at many, many times a second,
which will increase the average
homeowner's radio frequency
radiation exposure
exponentially.
>> Regina: There's
so much about this --
the way they're positioning
it is oh, no, it helps us just
to be able to access and
read your energy usage easily
and it helps cut
costs and so forth.
Really, almost everything
involved with this is a pack
of lies, and you've revealed
all the lies on so many levels.
So first let's start
with the invasiveness
of the installation process,
because it really violates
our rights from day one.
>> Josh: It does.
We're not notified what these
meters are capable of doing,
we're not notified the
surveillance capabilities.
We're not notified
that even utilities
such as the California
Public Utilities Commission,
or Utilities Commissions,
have admitted that they want
to sell your data for a
profit, your usage data.
We're not notified of the
health effects, the fire risks,
the hacking vulnerabilities
and the cost increases.
So they're doing all
this by tacit acceptance,
which means if you didn't
say no, you just said yes.
>> Regina: And you
don't know to say know
because you have no idea
what's at risk here,
and they're selling that data
even to governmental agencies.
>> Josh: They are, in fact.
In June or July of this year
in the San Francisco Chronicle
it was reported that thousands
of individual energy
records were transferred
to federal agencies, so this
is just the start of the tip
of the iceberg of what's
going to be happening,
unless people really
say no to this agenda.
>> Regina: And as you said,
it's the tip of the iceberg
because we're going to
get into so many issues.
We have only one
hour to cover it all.
We're going to show another half
a dozen clips from your film.
So why don't we start with the
installation process and how
that goes, and the
violations from that point?
>> Josh: Well, typically
a utility will possibly
but not mandatorily send you
a notice in the mail to say,
we're upgrading your meter.
They don't give you an option to
opt out of it, they don't speak
of the rights that you have
not to be smart metered,
so to speak, the rights you have
to keep your existing
analog meter.
This is something that people
had to find out on their own,
and they've found out in droves
this is becoming a very big
issue in various regions,
in the United States,
Canada and around the world.
But basically they're doing this
against not only individual
consent but they're doing this
against the consent or the
will of local governments.
Hundreds of local governments
have issued a moratorium
against the installation
of these meters
for the reasons that we listed.
>> Regina: And they
go in anyway.
>> Josh: They're go in anyway.
>> Regina: They're acting
totally autonomously.
>> Josh: That's right.
>> Regina: And the thing that --
you have some video
on here of the ways
in which you access
the property.
I mean, it's downright criminal.
They might as well be
burglars in the night coming in
and cutting your locks
and chains on your gate,
your garden gate, for
example, trespassing,
not notifying you
that you're coming.
That's what they did to us.
>> Josh: And in some cases,
they're actually breaking
down people's doors and we had
a clip of that in the film,
where someone was new that the
meter replacement person was
coming and they actually filmed
it and sent us the footage.
>> Regina: And that
they had the audacity
to go ahead and do it anyway.
It's like the fellows
that are ordered
with putting these meters
in, they're just following --
and first of all,
we have to remember,
they are just following orders,
but they're not really
too concerned
about what the homeowner
or anybody witnessing
it is recording,
for example, in that case.
They're doing it anyway.
That's their order.
And so they trespass on your
property, which is a violation
in itself, and so they have
these things installed.
So let's talk about what
happens as soon as --
there are instances
where this itself,
just having the installation
of this thing
on your building is a danger.
Let's talk about
some of the things
that have happened, like fires.
>> Josh: Yeah.
There's been upwards
of 1,000 fires.
We've heard throughout various
countries, even in New Zealand,
an isolated small country, more
than 425 fires were reported
in a 6-month period a
couple of years ago to deal
with these meter
quote "upgrades"
and there's been fires all
over the U.S. and Canada,
and everywhere these meters are
going in, they're not tested,
in most cases they're
not even UL
or Underwriters Laboratories
approved.
So almost always, in fact
in every other situation
we know of, any device
or appliance has
to be UL approved.
These meters, they're not
subject to testing on any level,
whether it's functional
testing or safety testing
or health testing, how
it affects our health.
>> Regina: Well, where is
the liability, the insurance
on these devices when
it burns your building
down or scorches it?
>> Josh: Well, in many cases,
the insurers don't even
want to cover this.
In some cases the fires that
the resulting fires are covered,
but it's never -- typically
it's not really identified,
the cause of the fire isn't
identified as the Smart Meter,
even though it happens
in most cases soon
after the Smart Meter goes in.
>> Regina: Let's talk about
what happens then to rates.
I mean, this a big chunk
in the documentary,
a very interesting chunk.
We notice the same thing.
Immediately, your bills go up.
>> Josh: Yeah.
>> Regina: So let's talk
about that phenomena,
some of the people that you know
of that have been through this
and kind of blown
the whistle on it.
The percentage that your bill
may go up, it may jump up,
and then the attitude of the
companies, the power companies.
>> Josh: That's right,
and utilities are,
some of them are
actually admitting,
through their own internal
polls that they're doing,
such as Toronto Hydro,
that rates are going
up immediately following
the installation
of Smart Meters even before the
intended application of time
of use billing, which means that
you're going to be paying 2 or 3
or 10, whatever,
arbitrary number,
charged through the
nose essentially,
if you use energy
during peak periods.
>> Regina: And we're
looking at what kind
of rate hikes, for example?
What were some people
experiencing?
>> Josh: Well, people have
experienced double or triple
and in rare cases even
7 to 10 times higher.
We have clips in the film of
news reporters that went out
and talked to people
after they got the meter
and their rates were
phenomenally higher.
But even if they're
not in those situations
on average the rates are
increasing by 10 to 50%,
just for having a
meter on your house.
So we feel, the research
is indicating
that there's a systemic problem
with the accuracy
of these devices.
>> Regina: And the position
of the power companies is, oh,
those old analog meters
were simply inaccurate.
They weren't up to speed.
You're just now getting
a true reflection
of your usage, and
it's always up.
>> Josh: Right.
That's what PG&E actually
tried to take that position
and then they actually had to
apologize, because they had
to admit that that is a
completely bogus position.
But they're lying in all
of these other areas,
which of course, in
Take Back Your Power,
we're putting our
finger squarely on.
>> Regina: There was
a fellow in Australia
that you feature in the film.
Can you talk about him a
little bit and what happened
when he tried to
speak about this?
>> Josh: Well, he became aware
of a systemic billing issue
across the board with all Smart
Meters that they were charging
for energy that the homeowner
was not using, and so he brought
that information to the utility,
thinking that they're going
to want to know this, because
there's a liability there.
There's fraud, and you name it.
It's illegal, you can't do that.
So instead of addressing
the issue they just offered
to pay him off.
>> Regina: And it didn't work.
>> Josh: No...
>> Regina: he's still
out there talking.
>> Josh: He actually got the--
>> Regina: Thank God.
>> Josh: -- the story
out in quite a big way,
and they're still--
>> Regina: It was on
mainstream television.
>> Josh: It was.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Josh: Yeah.
>> Regina: You know
Dave Setser, right?
>> Josh: Not personally but I--
>> Regina: But you know of him?
>> Josh: His work is excellence.
>> Regina: So years ago, I
interviewed Dave, and this was
when the big push for the
CFL bulbs was going on.
And he told me something that
I was surprised to hear --
not really when you consider
who we're talking about here --
but this is what he said.
In that instance, what happens
is this is just another bit
of trickery when it comes
to rates, the greed factor
with the utility
companies and sneaky ways
in which to get rate hikes.
And so he said he had done the
analysis on the actual draw
of energy from the CFLs,
and then what was happening
to the bill, to the
apparent usage, wattage.
And he said there's something
about those particular bulbs.
The frequency rides the system
in a slightly different way,
so it sends information
indicating you've used X amount
of energy when you actually
haven't, and therefore,
that bit in between when you
have an entire world switching
over to these bulbs,
is your rate increase,
and it's a significant
rate increase.
And of course, we know now
that those bulbs are
making people sick.
>> Josh: Yes.
And the same thing is
happening with Smart Meters.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Josh: The people's
bills are going
up because their energy usage,
apparent energy usage
is going up,
even though their actual
usage is staying the same
or in some cases even lower.
>> Regina: Well, once
you get that first bill
and you're horrified, then your
energy usage of course is going
to go down because you're
trying to save money,
and yet we did the same thing.
When they put a Smart Meter
on the outside of our house,
we had it for only a couple of
weeks before we got rid of it,
which we're going to
talk about later on.
We know some of the same
people in this movement by now.
But nonetheless, yeah, there
was an immediate spike.
We tried to start using less and
there was still the high rate
that was being charged us.
>> Josh: Yeah, and the mechanism
that we feel, that it appears
to be causing that mistake,
is what's called the
switching mode power supply.
>> Regina: Yeah, talk
about that a little bit?
>> Josh: Well, the old meters,
your electromechanical analog
meters, which have been trusted
and accurate and they
last up to 50 years,
whereas these ones last 5
or 7 years, even according
to the utilities, they never had
a switching mode power supply.
It was just AC current and
it stayed AC until it went
to the actual appliances,
which had the power converter.
>> Regina: Right, to DC yeah.
>> Josh: And so these new meters
have a switching mode power
supply, which not only seems
to create an inaccuracy
of the amount of energy being
used, but it creates a situation
in which all of the wiring in
your house, especially depending
on how well your
home is grounded,
especially if the home has
any kind of electrical issue
at all, which many homes do.
>> Regina: Right,
especially older homes.
>> Josh: Exactly.
The wiring becomes
basically a carrier
for these high frequency
transients.
>> Regina: I think that's
also what Dave was alluding
to as well, yeah.
>> Josh: Dirty electricity.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Josh: And so that's --
in addition to the wireless
component, which we'll get into,
that dirty electricity component
is making people sick and it's
at levels which are 20 and
30 times higher than some
of the levels that
are recognized
to be the maximum thresholds.
>> Regina: We're going to get
into that a little bit later,
the health effects, and
do a whole chunk on that,
but before that there's
another area, and this woman,
Blake talked about it in that
last clip we saw, having to do
with surveillance, in-home --
essentially it is
in-home surveillance.
And people who are not ordered
toward conspiracy theories will
say, well, that's
a little harsh,
but I'd like to take a look at
this next clip with Ian Crane,
and he talks about what's
possible, from the other side,
from a surveillance
point of view,
and government surveillance
in particular,
data that can be sold
also to private interests,
to market back to us
which is interesting.
So let's take a look at
what Ian Crane has to say
about the surveillance.
>> Ian Crane: Part of
the Smart Meter agenda is
to literally track every
single movement within a house,
so every time somebody
switches on a light,
every time somebody
switches on an appliance,
each of these appliance
has a unique code
which is then effectively
transmitted
through the Smart Meter down the
grid, so anybody that is minded
to do so can hone in on
an individual residence
and actually track what is
going on in that household.
>> So they can figure out, when
is your refrigerator being used,
when is your TV on, what are
you doing with your energy,
and they're going to
start having a profile
of you as an individual.
>> A congressional research
report all but concluded
that Smart Meters in the
United States are a violation
of the Fourth Amendment.
In no uncertain terms,
the court has asserted
that at the very core
of the Fourth Amendment stands
the right of a man to retreat
into his home and
there would be free
from unreasonable
governmental intrusion.
With Smart Meters, police
will have access to data
that might be used to track
resident's daily lives
and routines while in their
homes, including their eating,
sleeping and showering habits,
what appliances they use
and when, and whether
they prefer the television
to the treadmill, among
a host of other details.
>> Ian: For example,
who's in the house,
how often do you leave
the house late for work,
how often do you eat microwave
dinners compared to cooking
in the oven, how many times
a week do you do the washing,
how many times do you watch TV,
how long do you spend
watching TV, what do you watch?
In a custody battle, it could
provide information on whether
or not you've ever left the kids
home alone and for how long.
>> Regina: As if Facebook wasn't
providing enough data mining
opportunity for the
government, now it can be done
in this much more subtle way.
>> Josh: Right.
And what we're seeing is
really the NSA spying scandal.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Josh: The phones and
Internet surveillance.
It's really the tip of the
iceberg, so as we saw alluded
to in that clip and it actually
gets more in depth after then
in the film, this is going
to give the potential
for interested parties,
be it the utilities
or marketing companies
or government, to monitor
and control everything
going on in your home.
So every decision you make,
every product, every
conversation...
>> Regina: You already
have an electronic trail,
just through your
purchasing power alone.
>> Josh: Right.
So this Smart Meter
is the device
that makes it all
possible, or not,
depending on whether we refuse
to have them in our homes
or not, so of course, as
you know, we have the right
to refuse this on
any basis whatsoever.
>> Regina: General Petraeus,
there was a comment in your film
by General Petraeus, which I
thought was very interesting.
It said, "We can spy on you
through your household
appliances,
and if we have the ability to do
that, we will probably use it."
There it is.
It's not a secret agenda.
>> Josh: It's kind of like who
was it, Orwell in 1924 talked
about the open conspiracy.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Josh: I believe that I
might not have the date right,
but this idea of
the open conspiracy,
where they're actually using
the tacit acceptance law,
which I believe is directly
related to the law of free will
in our universe, to telegraph
what's going on through media
or movies or TV, or even
just telling you straight up.
>> Regina: They call it
predictive programming too,
I believe.
>> Josh: Yes, exactly.
Yes, good.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Josh: And so unless
people say no, you know,
they therefore have the right,
according to their system of law
to go ahead and do this.
>> Regina: Just a personal
question before we go
on to issues.
You're standing up in such a
profound way on this issue,
and this isn't what you had
intended to do, personally.
It's something you
kind of back into,
and now you're the
poster boy for the subject
of smart meter grids
and our rights.
>> Josh: I don't want to
be poster boy, though.
>> Regina: Yeah, and
unfortunately you've kind
of become that in a
sense, which is --
if you're going to
have a poster boy,
the thing is you're passionate,
you're honest, you're sincere,
and you're doing this for all
the right reasons, but how does
that feel inside your own
skin to have suddenly stepped
into all of this knowledge?
Because when you
watch a documentary,
it's your own journey saying,
holy cow, I didn't expect that.
>> Josh: I started this journey
just over two years ago, Regina,
and I had no idea -- everything
that we would uncover,
all the dots that would connect
and we would make
available in the film.
I thought it was going to
be a 10-minute YouTube video
interviewing people
who had health symptoms
from these meters,
and it just snowballed
into this full-length
feature film
which attracted amazing
people in our production
and just helping us get
this film finished and out,
really synchronistic process,
and me and my co-creative
partner, Darryl,
just had this amazing experience
of there was this
higher guidance involved
in the making of this film.
>> Regina: Like angels were
flapping their wings around you.
Everything you needed
came to you.
>> Josh: Just the synchronicity
was amazing, and we both felt
that and we were both calling
that in as part of hits.
But this whole process has
necessarily required me
to take back my own power
and to move through the fear,
which we all must do through
this initiation of fear
of our own authority, if you
will, of leading our lives.
And I definitely had to do
this, part of this process
and continue to do
so on my own path.
But that's been a
significant learning curve
in my life, if you will.
>> Regina: So this really
was a profound turning point
in your life, just stepping
on the path before you knew
what was going to be revealed?
>> Josh: Yeah.
>> Regina: Yeah.
Okay, I want to get back
into a topic that I find kind
of freaky, because I was reading
about it 3 or 4 years ago,
and then there were
YouTube videos popping up,
saying, oh, no such thing.
And that has to do with
Verizon's smart TV patents.
Let's talk about that.
>> Josh: Right so Verizon
actually applied for a patent,
the U.S. Patent Office,
and the details
of this are in the film as well.
The ability -- this is in
their own languaging --
they patented the ability
for detection, monitoring
and detection systems
attached to televisions,
having the ability to tell who's
in the room, what products are
in the room, what conversations
are happening, what the mood is
of those conversations,
and based upon even facial
recognition technology,
gesture recognition technology.
So based upon that,
they would then
in their patented technology,
be able to play to you,
force push advertising, of
what the system feels you need
or you would be most likely
to purchase in that moment.
>> Regina: This is Big
Brother's on steroids.
>> Josh: And they talk about
it happening in real time.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Josh: So again, the
smart grid technology is --
and the smart meters, are
necessary for this kind
of invasive in-home
Orwellianism to happen at all.
>> Regina: I don't know
if you can answer this,
but do they actually think
people will purchase these
devices, or is this
going to be embedded
in all future technology
of that nature,
televisions, for example?
>> Josh: Well, there's all kinds
of marketing and propaganda
and we were talking about
this before the show,
to make something
look attractive by--
>> Regina: How do you make
being spied on look attractive?
>> Josh: I don't know.
My mind doesn't work--
>> Regina: How could they begin
to spin -- I'm just wondering,
how would Verizon begin
spinning that one?
Who in the world would ever buy
one of those devices, right?
>> Josh: Well, they
would probably bundle it
with something that is
convenient, so something
like the iPhone 5, for
example, has new features
that people want to upgrade to,
but then it has additional
surveillance capabilities
with that type of
product and product line.
Well, it seems to be the way
that corporations are going.
They're bundling
additional placating benefits
of technology, which are
really only benefitting us
on the surface for
very little, if at all,
and then underneath them
is ways in which our rights
and our autonomy and our
decision-making are being
further eroded and violated.
>> Regina: It's so insidious.
This subject really
ticks me off,
and there was someone
else it ticked off.
You didn't shoot
this particular clip.
This was with Edward
Snowden, and he is talking
about what we're giving up here.
So let's take a look at
the Edward Snowden clip.
>> Edward Snowden: If you're
not doing anything wrong,
you're being watched
and recorded
and the storage capability
of these systems increases every
year consistently by orders
of magnitude, to where
it's getting to the point,
you don't have to have done
anything wrong, you simply have
to eventually fall under
suspicion from somebody,
even by a wrong call, and then
they can use the system go back
in time and scrutinize every
decision you've ever made,
every friend you've ever
discussed something with,
and attack you on that basis
to sort of derive suspicion
from an innocent
life and paint anyone
in the context of a wrongdoer.
>> Let's look for
example at the CISPA bill,
that's the Cyber Intelligence
Sharing and Protection Act,
which was intended to legalize
transferring all your data
from mega corporations
to the government.
Now, this seems to
be in violation
of our Fourth Amendment rights
against unreasonable search
and seizure, but it's
already passed the House.
Fortunately so far the Senate
has refused to vote on it,
recognizing the pushback
to CISPA.
Apparently the Obama
administration has created a
covert agreement with
the Justice Department
to grant immunity to all
these communication companies
and Internet companies that
we're already sharing the data.
And now, as of June 12, 2013,
a new aspect of that goes
into effect which expands
this whole authorization
to cover all critical
infrastructure sectors,
and that includes energy,
health and finance.
>> Edward Snowden: What you're
seeing is the establishment
of a surveillance network.
It raises the specter of kind
of the rise of soft tyranny,
it raises the specter of
you're automatically suspicious
until we prove that you're not.
It raises the specter of I
call it a universal wiretap,
a persistent universal
wiretap on every single person
or it's not, they
can create one.
And what happens if
they don't like you?
What happens if you speak ill
will against the government?
What happens if you
say something they
consider disloyal?
That's not the country
that I took an oath
to defend four times in
my government career.
>> Regina: Let's talk
about Google for a moment.
That was really a
very shocking thing
in the film regarding Google.
Would you tell us about it?
>> Josh: Yeah, there
was a couple
of things in an interview.
The CEO of Google,
Eric Schmidt was asked,
should we be trusting
Google, and his response was,
if you have something
that you want to hide,
maybe you shouldn't be
doing it in the first place.
So that kind of sets the tone
for the world's most famous
company, you could say,
and their ethics around this.
He goes on to further talk
about the creepy line in trying
to push up to the creepy line
but not cross it, and then kind
of under his breath,
and we'll see it --
>> Regina: Well, it wasn't
really under his breath.
>> Josh: It was just
this comment that came
out of left field to say that,
perhaps the question was asked
of him in a different
interview --
would it be across the line
if there was a chip
implanted in my brain?
And his response was, that
might be across the line,
but then he said, when
the technology improves,
it might be kind of fair
game, was the impression.
So obviously there is no moral
and ethic based foundation
to their understanding of what
they call the creepy line,
and this is becoming more
evident all the time.
>> Regina: And we
have to keep in mind
that Google has some very
interesting arrangements
with the government,
intelligence agencies.
We have to also remember
Facebook,
putting all people's pictures of
their puppies and their children
and their grandchildren.
>> Josh: And the CIA connections
with Facebook, I mean,
anybody can do research.
>> Regina: DARPA and CIA,
that's where the whole
thing stemmed from.
This is flat out data
mining in the friendliest --
probably the greatest
user incentive of anything
to date is Facebook,
and it's one
of the greatest data
mining operations
that has ever existed.
When you're talking about
shaping public policy,
public perception about going
to war or whatever, all you need
to do -- and Cliff High,
he does his monthly reports
on this regularly, and
I'm sure you're aware
of Cliff High, right.
>> Josh: Yes, I am.
>> Regina: And in his case, they
created a database that spiders
in -- he also did -- that
spiders in to various forms
and websites and such
around the world.
So it spiders in in
a number of languages
to see what people are thinking
about, what they're fearing
to find future trends,
to warn us
of what's being reflected
back to us,
that we're actually
projecting out there ourselves.
>> Josh: Right.
Right.
>> Regina: This is
a very complex...
>> Josh: And what that
probably most stems
from is social engineering,
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Josh: What we're
being fed in the media,
in the alternative media, even,
what we're being told we need
to be concerned about, then
people start talking about it,
and that happens because as
we know, as we're finding out,
we're creative beings.
What we focus on really happens
if we focus on the problem
without getting to the solution,
it's not a productive thing.
>> Regina: No.
>> Josh: So the one
thing that I might add
to that model is the how
the social engineering gets
seeded in.
>> Regina: Absolutely,
and by the way, Cliff,
for anyone interested, Clif
High site is Web Bots, right.
And David Eich calls this
problem reaction solution.
That's exactly what it is.
By consensus, they know what we
fear, so create that problem,
then they will come to the
rescue -- we have a reaction,
they come to the rescue
by way of solution
and they're always more
Draconian by nature.
This is where we were talking
about almost mass
SIOPs going on here.
>> Josh: Exactly, yeah.
>> Regina: And we're
volunteering the information.
>> Josh: Yeah, laws that
are written in advance,
then there's something that
happens, it's orchestrated,
it's manipulated, so the law
gets passed in many cases
on the same day or
the day after.
>> Regina: Or Christmas Eve.
>> Josh: Right, when
everybody else is on holiday.
>> Regina: Hot toddies, yeah,
exactly, two people are left
in Congress, boom, Federal
Reserve and all that, yeah.
>> Josh: Exactly.
>> Regina: Okay,
so let's also talk
about how the alternative
energies are being suppressed,
because this is a
really big thing.
This is all happening in a time
when the utility companies,
they're dinosaurs, basically.
The way that they're
getting and utilizing,
distributing energy is so passe,
when there are so
many technologies.
Last time I saw you
a few weeks ago,
was at the Global BAM
technology conference.
There's so many beautiful
technologies on the horizon
that really are spilling
now into free energy,
and certainly passive,
non-invasive technologies
like solar and wind
and so forth.
Why is that not part
of all of this?
How is this continuing
down the same road?
>> Josh: Well, according
to the Federation
of American Scientists, again,
we go into this in the film,
more than 5,000 patents
have been suppressed
for various reasons in the
name of national security,
and they can be suppressed
by any agency
in the U.S. government,
including the Atomic Energy
Commission and so forth.
And so this is something that
has been kind of rumored about.
We hear about inventors who
come out with inventions,
and men in black suits show up
at their door or their silenced
or they're killed
off in many cases.
But now we have like evidence,
firsthand proof this
is actually happening,
and even in the patent
laws themselves they admit
that this is happening.
So the dots that we
connect in the film allow us
to see why it's happening and
other key pieces of information
around this to help us make
sense of this scenario.
And what seems to be the
case, according to my research
into this, is that suppression
of energy technology
is necessary
to implement a global
slave grid.
>> Regina: Absolutely.
>> Josh: And the smart grid
is the global slave grid
that was written about in
1948 in the book "1984."
>> Regina: Yes, absolutely.
And recently, again,
collusion on the part
of the energy companies
and the government,
the state of Arizona,
was recently trying to --
I think it was pass a
piece of legislation
that would have allowed for
$100 surcharge per month --
I believe it was per month,
on your bill if you were
to switch over to solar.
Anyway, that was truck down.
I think that was just
in the last two weeks,
so if I'm a little fuzzy on
details, people can look it up,
but that was struck down.
Thank God they had a
little common sense on that.
But let's talk about Spain,
and talk about what happened
with the solar initiatives
in Spain.
This is like crazy stuff.
>> Josh: It's unbelievable.
In Europe, you have the EU
publicly saying earlier this
year that we want to spend
$700 billion additional
for smart grid over the
next couple of decades,
700 billion worth of beads.
>> Regina: 700--
>> Josh: So we're talking
about an entire economy based
on smart grid infrastructure
here.
And then you have Spain about a
month later in July I believe,
passed a bill in
which collecting solar
for your own use, if it's
unauthorized collection
of solar energy, having a fee of
up to 30 million Euros per unit.
>> Regina: 30 million Euros.
>> Josh: 30 million Euros--
>> Regina: 30 million Euros
for collecting sunshine.
>> Josh: Unbelievable, so
that you know, another piece
of the puzzle in Europe
that's very, very interesting
on the positive side, is that
Germany has as of this summer,
basically come out and said,
we don't want Smart Meters.
They're not fitting
with a sustainable truly
democratic version of a grid
that we want to move towards,
so we're going to refuse them
on the basis of cost
and privacy.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Josh: And what I feel
is happening there is
that Germany had their
run-in with fascism,
as we all know, just
70 years ago.
They experienced it firsthand.
They don't need to go
through this again.
The question is do
we, do we need to go
into full-blown fascism
before we're willing
to stand up and say no?
>> Regina: Well, and in
reality, we're dealing
with the leftovers of that.
If you're to read the work
of Jim Marrs and others,
that whole fascist regime,
and where the notion
of fashioning public
perception really became popular
and then exported,
Edward Renes and so forth.
That came from Nazi
Germany Those scientists
under Project Paperclip were
brilliant at understanding how
to influence masses, and that
became the advertising industry,
basically.
That was the bones and the basis
for the advertising industry.
So it would be totally right
that Germany, who has just
such a horror of what
happened in the past
in their own country, would
be so progressive in this way.
And also, they're so
heavily vested in both solar
and wind technology
even to this point now.
>> Josh: Yeah, the leading
technological country probably
on the planet is saying
no to Smart Meters
because they don't save
energy, they don't save money,
they don't work, they increase
cost and they invade privacy.
>> Regina: Leading us
back to a fascist state.
>> Josh: Right, but when you
have the leading technological
company -- and Germany's doing
some amazing things the last
couple of decades.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Josh: I heard a stat
that 61% of their energy
of one particular day
several months ago came
from renewable sources,
wind and solar mostly.
>> Regina: Yes, yes.
>> Josh: So they're going
in the right direction
but at the same time
there is pressure on them
to lower the benefit
for solar energy.
>> Regina: God, I
hope they stand strong
so that they can be an example
to the rest of the world.
Okay, now it's time
to talk about some
of the really dastardly elements
of this, which has to do
with the radiation effects, the
radiation effects on our health
and well-being, and what
I'd like to do is start
out with a clip you have
from an old, old documentary.
It's slow and it's very precise
in what they're trying to show,
and so I just want everybody
to be very patient with it,
because to me it was just an
amazing clip, and the kicker is
at the very end of this clip.
So let's go ahead and show
what happens to little aphids
when they're going
about their business
when they're exposed
to radiation.
>> This picture shows
some aphids on the leaf
of an orange tree shortly after
radar equipment was installed
at a nearby airport a
number of years ago.
I notice that every few seconds,
all the aphids would tense
up in unison and
do sort of a dance,
as you see in the picture.
Upon further investigation, I
found that the interval of time
between the activity of
each dance coincided exactly
with the rotation of the radar
rotor device at the airport
which was a distance of
approximately 14 miles.
>> And we now have vast
amounts of published science
on microwave radiation
and health effects.
The data we're going to look
at are all published
science testing results
or public standards.
At the bottom end of
the radiation scale
of what's called power
density or signal strength,
is the minimum level at
which cell phones will work,
which was found to
be .2 billionths
of a microwatt per
centimeter squared.
Pine needles were found to
age prematurely at .000027.
At short-term exposures
of 0.5, children aged 8
to 17 experienced
headache, irritation,
concentration difficulties
and behavioral problems.
.1 is the biobiology or
building biology guideline
for extreme concern.
1.0 produced sperm DNA
fragmentation and a decrease
in sperm viability in vitro.
Also, at 1.0 the science shows
the following bodily effects can
occur: headaches, dizziness,
fatigue, insomnia, chest pain,
difficulty breathing,
and indigestion.
2.5 saw altered calcium
metabolism
in heart muscle cells, 4.0,
changes in the hippocampus
affecting brain memory
and learning.
And at 6.0, DNA damaged
the cells.
So where are Smart
Meters on this list?
Electrical Power
Institute in December 2010,
measured a single Itron
Smart Meter with pulses
up to 7.93 microwatts
per centimeter squared.
Our own testing indicated
approximately 8.0
with one meter.
These tests are at
a close distance,
approximately one foot
away from the meter,
but an infant's crib can be
just as close on the other side
of the wall, where the meter or
bank of meters are installed.
Even though there are all
these known health effects
at levels far lower,
Switzerland, Liechtenstein
and Luxembourg see fit to
set the standard at 9.5.
And China, Poland
and Russia, 10.0.
This is the same level at which
behavior has been altered,
producing reflexes of avoidance
following 30-minute exposures.
A room of 12 Smart Meters,
very common in even
a conservative number
in an apartment building,
tested at 19.8 microwatts
per centimeter squared.
This is hundreds of
times higher than levels
which clearly indicate
harmful effects.
>> Regina: I love that graph.
That pretty much says it all.
That's what we're
being exposed to.
And that list of where the
problems start beginning,
dizziness, headaches,
indigestion,
I'm sure insomnia is
part of that, too.
>> Josh: Right.
>> Regina: This is common.
This is how people live now.
We just take little band-aids
and over-the-counter
pills to take care of it.
>> Josh: Right.
We don't know why, we mask the
symptoms, but we don't know why.
That's the key point here,
is that the science
has been masked,
the science has been skewed
from corporate interests
since like the 1950s.
So the industry has taken
a position arbitrarily
that despite thousands of
studies to show that this type
of radiation is having
health problems
and health effects biologically,
through peer-reviewed
published science--
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Josh: -- they've taken the
arbitrary stand that there's no
such thing -- we don't
recognize non-thermal effects,
which means that if the
microwave radiation doesn't heat
up tissue, in their
opinion there's no harm,
which is unbelievable to
think of, that there's
that many science
that show harm.
And not only that, but they have
never even tested smart meters
for safety, at all.
There's been no industry or
government testing for safety
for health and safety
from smart meters.
>> Regina: Okay, you were
talking about a bank of meters
that can end up on the
outside of a building
or an apartment building.
And I've heard from
people personally what kind
of problems they've had once
this has happened, because a lot
of times they have no idea their
meters have been swapped out.
The health effects start
and they start saying,
geez, what's different?
What has happened
to create this?
And they find out
long after the fact.
And we're going to take
a look at another clip.
We have three more
clips to look at,
so we have to kind
of move on through.
An elderly woman who was
testifying before SMUD
in Sacramento Municipal
Utility District,
and what happened with her.
And then there's another
one I want to talk to you
about that we're not
going to show a clip for.
So let's take a look at
the elderly woman at SMUD.
>> After having 12
upgraded meters installed
on her bedroom wall, Rosa Parrot
began experiencing headaches
and insomnia.
>> I lived through Nazi
Communist soldiers, Kazaks --
nobody damaged my health as
much as smart meters did.
This is supposed to
be my golden years.
Instead these are my bad years.
You did not give me all options.
When you came and installed,
you did not give me option.
I did not have no option.
You came after me,
you pursued me.
I have something to show you.
I have no control when
I'm going to bleed,
when my nose is going to bleed.
This is the blood from my nose.
I cannot even sleep
on my own bed anymore.
I have to close the door to
the bedroom and sleep on chairs
in the living room, or
put the mattress down,
sleeping bag on the floor.
>> Do you ever have nose bleeds
away from your apartment?
>> I'm sorry; your time is up.
>> Thank you very much.
>> I appreciate your coming.
>> Your time is up.
>> Thank you.
>> Regina: Lot of caring
going on there, huh?
>> Josh: Right.
>> Regina: And let's talk about
another woman in your film,
this one of course,
everyone gets teared
up when they see this.
It's just -- because it
just makes you want to cry,
a woman whose son was at
California State-San Diego,
he was living in a particular
dorm it was right under --
was it a cellular tower?
>> Josh: It was right
at the base of, yeah,
it was a particular lab where
he and a bunch of students
and faculty spent
most of their time.
>> Regina: Okay.
Talk about what happened there.
>> Josh: So Rich Farber is
his name, passed away in 2008
from a type of brain cancer
that is directly linked
to microwave radiation.
And his mother, Virginia,
found out about a year later,
give or take, that only that
Rich passed away, who was based
in UCSD in a specific
room at the base of this--
>> Regina: 134 or some --
specific room they all are in.
>> Josh: 131 in which
they're all in.
So there was a cancer cluster
there in which she uncovered
that 8 or 9 people have died
with the same type
of brain cancer.
>> Regina: All young,
healthy people.
>> Josh: Young, healthy people,
both students and faculty,
and she tried to
contact the university.
So got nowhere.
She went to the press in
San Diego, she got nowhere,
even reporters said
the story's never going
to get out because of money.
So we felt this absolutely
needs to get out.
The public needs to be
aware of what's going on
and a massive cover-up going
on between the health effects
of microwave radiation and the
industry's involvement there.
>> Regina: I interviewed a woman
named Dawn Fisher a few years
ago, which people can find
in the Conscious Media
network archives here at Gaiam,
and she talked about dirty
electricity, which she took
on because she had a lot of
the symptomatic effects of it
in Australia, and found
that it wasn't uncommon
to have these cancer
clusters around schools.
>> Josh: Right.
We are electromagnetic beings.
I mean, we know that.
Despite mainstream
science's attempts just
to convince us it's just
matter and chemistry,
we are electromagnetic beings,
and when you start messing
with basic biological systems
that are the foundation
of our wellness in our
body, our nervous system,
thought processes and
basic electrical systems --
our heart is an electrical
organ.
It functions on the
same principles.
>> Regina: And these
interfere with Pacemakers even.
>> Josh: These interfere
with Pacemakers.
And the number, the
sheer number of people,
that are reporting
health problems
after smart meters get
installed is just staggering.
>> Regina: Okay, and a lot of
times we think, those kids,
and the professors
there, were right next
to obviously a large
transmitting device
of some kind.
And then others will
say, so problematic, sad,
but that was a bad place to be.
But then you actually went
to the trouble to talk
to a chiropractor who uses dark
field microscopy and blood work,
and he did a small
sample of blood.
But the point was, it was just
blood from ordinary people.
It wasn't anyone that
lived in a cancer cluster
or near a cell tower,
anything like that.
And we're finding this
is a bigger question.
Just because you're not
symptomatic doesn't mean you're
not experiencing
internal damage.
The health of the blood
is the health of the body
and the being over time.
I have that pulled.
Can we look at that clip?
>> Josh: Absolutely.
>> Regina: Let's do that.
It's interesting.
>> Can you share about
people coming to you as far
as having complaints
about illness?
>> We were made aware of
health complaints following
installation of smart
meters, and we wanted
to verify this using our field
work, so I measured the field
of about 30 different people
while they stood one foot
in front of the smart meter,
and in every single case,
the human energy field was
obliterated as they stood
in front of the smart meter.
We wanted to then verify this
at the physical level using
dark field microscopy,
and then we also did a
control group to find
out if the old analog
meters had the same effect
on the blood as the smart meter.
So in our first slides
what we see is normal cells
and the structure of the
cells is intact and sound.
This is what we would
expect from a normal sample.
With the subject
standing one foot in front
of the analog meter, there
were no significant changes
to these blood samples in any
of the three that we tested.
In our second set of tests,
we're using the smart meter.
Before the exposure,
we see the same thing
as we saw in the first samples.
Normal cell walls fairly
separated, and looking healthy.
So after two minutes of exposure
in front of the smart meter
at about one foot away, we
see a totally different story.
Sample one, you can see a lot
of degradation in the cells.
The cell walls have been broken,
and you see changes in the cells
which are called mycoplasma.
It shows a mutation to the cell.
In the second sample, we see a
different type of degradation
to the cell membranes.
You can see a corrugation here.
This is called bottle cap
formation, and it's known
that this occurs
due to oxidation
or exposure to free radicals.
So this third subject,
when we did her sample,
she had to be pulled away from
the meter after 45 seconds
because she complained about an
increasingly severe headache,
and here you see a
phenomenon called rouleaux,
where the red blood
cells are stacking up,
which makes it very difficult
for the blood to deliver oxygen
to the tissues as they would
be their normal function.
Every single one of
these is a degradation.
Every single one of these shows
a trauma to the blood cells,
and that came from something
and the only variable
was the smart meter.
The good news in all
of this is the patient
and the blood can return
to normal once they
have been removed
from the influences
of these stressors.
>> So this thing about
electrosensitive 3 or 5%,
people are affected and
everyone else is okay,
what do you have
to say about that?
>> Well, everybody we've tested
so far has been affected,
and we know everybody
that I tested to see
if there was a change in
the body's energy field,
every single person I
tested was affected.
So 3 out of 3 people
were affected negatively?
One of them became symptomatic,
the other two didn't have
any noticeable symptoms,
yet the changes showed
up in the blood.
There are changes whether
they feel them or not.
>> Regina: The quality of
your blood is the quality
of your health and your life.
>> Josh: That's right,
and in addition
to the dark field microscopy
there's other research
that we've done that's also in
the film, that shows a number
of inflammatory markers,
all increasing
after a meter gets
installed, both from those
who feel it and those who don't.
I would say this, is that
we spoke briefly earlier
about our conscious intention,
our ability to create reality
in our being and
around our body.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Josh: We can, I feel that we
can access a level of authority
in which we can shield
ourselves through our intention
and through various spiritual
techniques, but by default,
Regina, everybody appears to
be affected on some level.
>> Regina: And the thing is,
there are doctors, there are MDs
like this man, and there
are other scientists
that have been attempting
to speak up,
but when they do, what happens?
>> Josh: Well, they effectively
are putting their careers
in jeopardy or on
the line, and again,
we have some whistleblowers,
some scientist whistleblowers
in the film that speak
more in depth about that.
>> Regina: Let's talk
about when you decide to go
up against them,
you, as a homeowner.
And you have a clip in the film.
It's really shocking.
It's a mother who is standing up
for herself, and you also have
in there some people who
have stood up for themselves
in Los Angeles who were being
very negatively impacted.
Their children were
being impacted,
and they actually went
before the city council
and stood up for their rights.
It was two African American
women, very brave to do that,
and one of the Councilmembers
actually said, "We're going
to look into this today."
And let's talk about what
happened there before we go any
further, after the
councilmember looked into it.
>> Josh: Absolutely.
And so the next day, their
smart meter got pulled
and an analog meter,
non-wireless analog
meter was replaced
and the situation
was taken care of.
Now the city council -- this is
important for people to note,
is that the city councils do not
have the facts on this, Regina.
If they have any facts, it's
the propaganda or downright lies
that are being released by
utilities and governments.
So it's imperative to anyone
watching this right now,
to make sure your city
council has the facts.
One of the ways that people are
doing this is with our film,
Take Back the Power, and people
in some states are
actually acting on behalf
of their entire state
or their region,
buying at below wholesale,
a couple hundred DVDs,
sending them to every
elected public official
in the state along with
a notice of liability,
which we're now working
with others to draft.
>> Regina: Do you have
attorneys involved in that?
>> Josh: We have people who are
very, very expert and involved
in understanding at a very high
level of law, it's unlawful
and illegal document that's
being developed as we speak,
that certain states have
already, and representatives
of this movement in states have
already taken advantage of.
So this we feel, is a way in
which anyone who's passionate
about this and has
the means to do so,
whether you're an individual
or a group, can get this film
and get the facts in a powerful
document that goes along
with the film, in a way that's
pretty much irrefutable,
that puts them on the hook
financially for the damage
and the harm that they're doing
by allowing this to continue.
So if they don't act in the
interests, in the best interests
of the people, then they will
be financially liable according
to this contract law or
commerce-based agreement,
which we have the
ability to create,
just as corporations create
agreements with us mostly
through tacit acceptance.
>> Regina: Right.
And even though --
it's essential.
This is why I'm so excited
about what you're
doing, this is happening.
But as we talked about at the
beginning of this conversation,
there are cities who have
already placed moratoriums
on the installation of these
things, and many more cities
who are in the process, but
the utility companies totally
override them.
>> Josh: For the most part.
There are some cities who
are taking the further step
to actually charge -- for
example, Sebastopol, California,
passed a motion earlier
this year to charge $500
for every single meter that
PG&E attempts to install.
Now, there's kind of a standoff
going on there right now.
So it's really up to
the people to follow
up with their city councils and
hold their feet to the fire,
because they are responsible,
even if they already
passed a moratorium,
which more than 50 local
governments in California and 50
in British Columbia, Canada, and
various other places have done.
They've taken an official stance
against the smart meter rollout.
We need to just really
amp up the level of action
and the level of commitment
which we have as the citizens,
as groups, and local
governments have in this issue.
>> Regina: Well, this
is a global agenda.
This is intended to be
a global smart grid.
Right?
>> Josh: Yeah, it's happening.
It's getting around the
existing laws everywhere,
and laws are being changed
silently, back door kind
of thing, without public input.
So it's not being talked
about in public, and if it is,
only part of the issue
is being talked about,
for example, health.
And because we're so programmed
-- this is the paradox --
the health issue is very, very
serious with the proliferation
of electromagnetic radiation,
dirty electricity, specifically
to do with smart meters
and the smart grid.
The paradox is that even though
that's potentially the most
serious issue, potentially
even more serious
than the in-home surveillance,
we've been so programmed
by the lies and by
the skewed science
and by our social
engineering to believe that all
of this wireless
technology and towers
and all this stuff is safe,
because if it wasn't safe,
they wouldn't be
allowed to do it.
>> Regina: Like there's
some oversight now.
>> Josh: Like there's
some oversight.
That's been removed.
>> Regina: We have
one final film clip.
We only have a few minutes left.
I'd like to take a look
at, because it's Jerry Day,
who I've interviewed
as well, and he talks
about the proactive
things you can do.
Actually we took our smart meter
off after interviewing Jerry
and finding out what we
were capable of doing,
because this is not a mandate.
We do not have to
submit to this.
So let's watch this
film clip with Jerry.
>> If you send them a notice
that says "I do not consent,
and if you attempt to put
one of these on my house,
I will put an analog
meter in self defense."
>> What about if thousands and
tens of thousands and millions
of people all did this?
>> Oh, it would collapse
in a day.
You can't have radiation
emitting surveillance devices
on everyone's home if people
want to assert their rights.
The only reason this
is working at all is
because people are e3ither
completely ignorant or thinking
for some reason, it's
not going to harm them.
It is going to harm you
and it is not legal,
and you now are forced because
your power company is pretending
like it's all okay --
you're forced to become
the authorized party
and to become the enforcer.
You have no choice, other
than to accept this harm.
So we're in a very
strange time in history
where your power
company, that's supposed
to be this innocent provider
of electrical service,
has become your assailant,
and you are required,
in order to protect yourself,
you're required to fight back.
You're required to stand up
and say no, this is wrong,
and I'm not going to permit it.
>> Regina: So finally -- we only
have a couple of minutes, Josh.
You like to talk about something
called our unalienable rights.
>> Josh: Unalienable
rights are something
that every human being has,
every man and woman has this.
We're not granted the rights
by governments and corporations
and this control system
that's happening right now.
So it's accessing that level,
that jurisdiction that appears
to be the most fruitful
in this whole movement,
in this whole campaign.
What we're seeing with lawsuits,
class action lawsuits, and very,
very well-meaning people and
groups that are going to lawyers
to represent them and
to represent this issue,
we're seeing a lot
of times, judges,
initially have strong
concerns about this.
They'll want to do something
about it, and they'll want
to help the people, but for
whatever reason we haven't seen
a major ruling on the side
of the people's rights,
even though there's
been all these lawsuits
and different sort of in
the box legal actions.
So I don't know if
that would be improved
if there was a jury of peers.
It probably would be improved,
rather than an administrative
judge just making that call.
But we've got to be realistic.
We're going up against a
multi-trillion dollar industry
here, so it's only accessing
that higher level of awareness
of consciousness of who
we are and our rights
as sovereign divine
beings and as souls,
creators on this planet, that
the solutions are happening.
And we're seeing that with
things like in contract law,
our ability to create agreement
based upon principles and facts
of truth with the other
party, in this case,
the utilities, are
being effective.
I just want to mention,
on behalf of this movement
everywhere globally there's a
group in British Columbia
called BC Freedom.
Their website is BC-Freedom.com.
They recently released the
second stage of their legal
and lawful process in which
it's allowing the 60 or thousand
so people who have chosen not
to have a smart meter so far,
it's allowing them to not have
to pay these extortive opt
out fees because it's allowing
them to come from a place
of truth and from a place
of higher jurisdiction.
>> Regina: So those
are going to end?
I mean, like we pay $10 a
month so they can manually come
and read the meter again.
>> Josh: Right.
That's an extortive opt-out
fee, and that's a punitive fee
and it's based on your
exercising your right not
to be surveilled and
not to be eradicated.
So this is extortion.
It's criminal mafia
extortion that's happening,
and this process, this
contract law process is now,
which have been proven 100%
effective in this group,
in British Columbia's
first documentation.
Their second documentation
is just released,
and so as the agenda
gets being pushed,
we're getting more solutions.
People are encouraged to stand
up, and I feel, and there's many
that are involved in this
issue, that know for sure
as people take back their power,
we're going to be
victorious in this.
>> Regina: Absolutely, claim our
own sovereign right to health,
well-being and privacy.
And I know you don't
want to be a poster boy
and you're a very modest
man, but thank you so much
for taking this one on, for
picking up the gauntlet.
>> Josh: Thank you.
>> Regina: This is
a film everyone
who uses energy needs to see.
You can stream it, you can
buy the DVD, watch it alone
or get people together, but
this is a starting point
in my opinion, to take back
our power on all levels.
You can go to
Takebackyourpower.net
to become more informed.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam-TV.